Hello YouTube, welcome to OWL Wall Street. Today we explore Accenture. Accenture is a global business strategy and consulting company. That might sound vague now, but we'll explain later.
Accenture originally started as the business and consulting division of the accounting firm Arthur Anderson in the 1950s. This division helped GE to install the first computer used for commercial purposes in Louisville, Kentucky.
In 1999, Arthur Anderson's business and consulting firm became increasingly separate from its parent company and rebranded
itself to its current name, Accenture, in 2001.
Accenture's name was supposedly conceived by a Danish employee during a renaming competition and meant accent on the future.
Later in 2001, Accenture went public offering shares to the market. international markets.
Currently based in Ireland, Accenture is a big-time business player in the US and of the Fortune Global 100 companies, the 100 biggest companies in the world, Accenture consults with 95 of them.
of the 500 biggest global companies, Accenture works with 75% of them. That's huge.
Accenture seems to be everywhere. As more countries enter into developed and industrialized markets, Accenture seems to be well positioned to help growing companies in so many countries.
This map shows Accenture's footprint.
Notably, Accenture works with the big economic powerhouses, the countries you'd expect, as well as
emerging and developing markets such as China, India, Thailand, as well as a few African countries. Accenture organizes itself in five different arms. Accenture's strategy, which for example, has helped the city of Amsterdam develop a plan for lowering carbon emissions.
Accenture has also worked with Delta Airlines to free up $1.7 million by helping them with standardization and automation. Accenture finds itself In just about every industry from banking and consumer goods to healthcare and natural resources. Accenture Consulting has helped Giant Mondelez, the distributors of so many iconic consumer brands, my favorites including Oreo, Philadelphia,
along with many others, save over $1 billion.
Accenture, along with Visa, has been working on a prototype car in which users can pay for groceries or gas without leaving their car.
Accenture also works with blockchain technology. Accenture entered an alliance with cryptocurrency Ripple in 2015. Accenture is a founding member of the enterprise Ethereum Alliance, which helps to connect Fortune 500 companies to applications involving Ethereum.
Accenture Digital has partnered with American Express to enhance their digital banking services. Accenture's digital industry Xo helps clients see digitization as an opportunity instead of a disruption.
For example, Industry Xo helped Airbus improve their A330 production by offering wearable technology to assembly line workers, giving workers access to real-time information to their incredibly complex products.
Accenture Technology offers communication companies access to real-time data and automation services. Accenture Labs are seven major research hubs around the world.
Accenture Technologies is involved with artificial intelligence, cybersecurity, and software engineering. Accenture Operations help with efficiency. Impressively, they have helped Procter & Gamble bring products to market twice as quick as they had in the past. Accenture Operations has also partnered with Microsoft to prepare them for even future growth.
It's amazing that Microsoft still has room for more growth when it seems like their products have been around for a long time and are Financially, Accenture has performed favorably overall, though at the time of this video, the stock has began to level cut a bit. are just about everywhere already.
Despite recent ups and downs, financial analysts are optimistic. The company delivered just over $4 billion in earnings this current year from just under $40 billion of revenue.
Accenture currently offers just over a 1.5 dividend yield and trades for a reasonable 24.5 PE ratio. With innovators around each corner and a reasonable price tag to boot, growth and value investors will find something to like about Accenture.
Accenture's interests seem well diversified and financially fit to compete globally.
Thanks to Yahoo Finance and Robinhood for their financial information. Thanks for watching. Please feel free to subscribe to OWL Street and like and share this video.