How to get job in Amazon with full information.
From tissue paper to designer dresses, our every small and big need is being fulfilled.
The name of the online platform is Amazon.
It is an American multinational technology company, whose headquarter is in Washington.
Instead of being just an e-commerce platform, this company focuses on cloud computing, digital streaming and artificial intelligence.
It is a big tech joint that is included in the big four technology companies including Google, Apple and Facebook.
The founder of Amazon, who has made his mark as one of the most valuable brands in the world, is Jeff Bezos.
There are more than 30 Amazon offices in the world.
Amazon has opened its largest campus in India and Hyderabad.
In such a situation, you must also have the intention of becoming a part of a popular and big technology company like Amazon.
And you must also want to know how to get a job in Amazon.
So today, Quick Support has brought you the method of getting a job in Amazon in this video.
So watch this video till the end and find out how to get a job in Amazon.
So let's start and understand this process of getting a job in Amazon.
First of all, let's know about the different types of jobs available in Amazon.
In Amazon, you get engineering, business, media and operations related job options.
If we talk about the job options that graduates get, then new graduate roles are based on technical, engineering, research and business areas.
In such a situation, if you have a graduation degree, master's degree or you have completed an MBA or PhD, then you have many chances of joining Amazon.
But it is not easy to reach this position.
To become a part of such a big tech company, you must have the skills of a required degree that can prove you an excellent candidate.
For this, you have to match the high standards.
These are the important areas of job options that graduates get.
There are many opportunities for candidates who are graduates with a technical degree in this area.
Research
For students who have a PhD or master's degree, research in machine learning, computer vision, operation research and distributed computing is open.
Business
For undergraduates, masters and MBA students, there are good opportunities in this area.
Apart from these, if you want to know about specific available opportunities, then you can go to its official website and search.
Now let's talk about required degrees to apply for different job areas in Amazon.
Friends, first of all, let's talk about software development.
For a position like software development engineering and database engineering, you must have programming experience in Java, Python and SQL languages.
The practices of software engineering are required.
Deep understanding of databases is necessary.
A computer science or information technology degree will help you to provide the necessary skills for this position.
Data
In this, data scientists, data engineers and business intelligence engineer rules are included.
For this, you must have a degree in computer science, math, statistics or business intelligence.
Applied scientists and machine learning scientists are included in such jobs.
For this, you will need a computer science, machine learning, data science or a master's degree or doctoral degree in a field related to this.
Education
Friends, in such jobs, there are many roles available for Amazon curriculum developers and learning experience designers.
In education or instructional design, master's degree holders are given preference in these jobs.
Public policy
Policy analysts and public policy managers are included in this.
For this job, you must have a degree in public policy or public administration.
And JD, the job chances of a Juris Doctor or Law degree holder will increase a lot.
Economists
Amazon offers job offers for economists.
For this job, you must have an economics, finance, financial economics or quantitative finance advanced degree.
After degree related information, what skills are required to work in Amazon?
To know this, you must go to its website and take 14 leadership principles related information.
So that you can get an idea of what skills are required to work in Amazon.
If you have these skills, then apply to join Amazon immediately.
Of these 14 skills, some skills are
You know about Amazon internship.
An excellent way to join Amazon is internship.
Amazon offers internship throughout the year.
Most of its technical internships are in summer, which is 12-16 weeks.
In technical engineering and research internship, most of the hiring is done in these areas.Software development, hardware development, applied science, product development, data science, cloud support, research science
And these are the areas in the business job category.
Now let us know about the options to apply in Amazon.
The easiest method to apply for a job on Amazon is to go to its job portal and apply for a suitable job according to your job preference and location.
Amazon also recruits through hiring events.
For this, you can check the post on LinkedIn.
There are mega hiring events in Hyderabad and Bangalore.
You can directly reach the recruiters on LinkedIn.
Amazon interview chances increase slightly with the reference of an employee.
Amazon hiring process takes 2-6 weeks.
After applying online, friends, let us know what is the process.
First of all, assessments.
In Amazon assessments, you will be asked to complete an assessment.
With such assessments, it is found out how candidates deal with real-time situations.
These assessments are of two types.
Work style assessments.
This assessment can take up to 20 minutes.
It focuses on the 14 leadership principles of Amazon.
The second is work sample assessment.
This kind of virtual test can take up to an hour.
Through this, you can find out the candidate's problem-solving skills, interpersonal skills and abilities.
After completing the assessment, the next level is the interview, which is behavior-based.
In this interview, you are asked about your experiences and how to tackle your challenges.
Now let's talk about the interview.
There are two rounds of interviews.
First is phone interview.
Before this interview, you can contact Amazon Recruiter and ask about topics discussed for your job role.
You will get suggestions on required research and study material according to your role.
Make sure you have the answers to Amazon projects and initiative-related specific questions.
In some cases, Amazon can also take a virtual interview.
 Be prepared for this.
The second round of interview is in-person interview.
If you pass the phone interview, you will be invited for an in-person interview.
Amazon gives the suggestion to follow the STAR method to answer the requirement questions.
S stands for situation.
That is, describe the work situation you are talking about effectively and provide clear and detailed information.
T stands for task.
Explain the end result of your task.
A stands for action.
Explain your action in detail during the task.
And finally, R stands for result.
Describe the result of your actions and tell us how the project was completed and what your contribution was.
So, by passing these rounds, you can get a job in Amazon.
You must have known that Amazon only chooses the best candidate.
But if you think you can fit into Amazon's unique worker culture,
and you are creative and also a team player,
and you think outside the box,
then you can apply for an Amazon job right away.
So, quick support hopes that you have understood the process of getting a job in Amazon in this video.
And this video will prove to be helpful for you.
For more such interesting and innovative videos,
subscribe to our channel Quick Support and press the bell icon
so that you are the first to receive notifications of every new video.
Thank you.