Alright, welcome, well very excited  to talk to you today. Thanks so much  for making the time Gary Leatherman.  You are vice president with Advisian.  Why don’t you tell us a little about yourself  and what you're working on. I’m Vice President of  Advisian. I look after our power advisory in our  distributed energy slash microgrid practices.  I've been in the business about 35 years,  actually. Which means I'm old.  And we've, you know, we are mostly looking  at, in a microgrid space, we're doing a lot  of work helping our clients develop strategies in  microgrids. And we are seeing a lot of interest  from cities, in California and other states they  are trying to get their arms around resiliency,  the distributed energy resources, particularly  renewables to get that local control,  local resiliency as well as help meet climate  goals and so you know there's a lot of work there  helping them understand what microgrids  are, how best to strategize about various  facilities, determine what their requirements are,  and then really trying to help them inform, make  informed decisions on what projects to do and what  projects don't make sense. We're really helping  them with the decision and supporting information  around the feasibility of these sorts of projects.  In addition to cities, we also are seeing a lot of interest from our industrial clients,  as part of the Worley group, you know, we serve the extractive and  petrochemical industry and so we're seeing a lot  of our clients in those spaces are looking to see  how can we use microgrids and distributed energy  and renewables to green up our processes, to  move through this energy transition and be  relevant, as we get to removing more carbon  out of our economy. And so I just was working with  a company, of all things a coal mining company,  earlier today, trying to help them get their  operations a little greener. They mostly do  produce coal for metallurgical coke, but they are  very serious about reducing the carbon footprint  of their operations. I’d just say that is a lot  of different challenges, that it sounds like your  company is able to take on and be involved in a  lot of different sectors and segments. When you  are looking at you know the microgrid industry  writ large and sort of where things are heading,  you know, what do you think could really propel  the industry forward? One of the things we've done  some analysis on this is area, is that there's  an argument that microgrids are local, so they  don't benefit the entire society or the rate base  of a particular utility or a particular state.  But however, if you actually analyze, we've done  this analysis, Microgrids bring a lot of benefit  to society as a whole, and I think they're  really worthy of something akin to the renewable  portfolio standard. So something like a microgrid  portfolio standard that would help propel the  industry. The industry is, it's happening,  particularly places like California where  there are some real resiliency issues with the  wildfire mitigation plans, and things like that,  but writ large, it could use a little bit of a  jump start, there's a lot of learnings that need  to happen in your business models that need to be  tested, and something again, if you look at what  the renewable portfolio standard did for  renewables and driving down the costs through  the learning curve impacts. The microgrid industry  really could benefit from something like that, and  it really, we've done some analysis state by state  isn't wouldn't necessarily be that expensive. And  would again be around the cost associated with our  renewable portfolio standards. Yeah, yeah, so an  opportunity for investment that could produce some  great resiliency outcomes exactly, exactly. Yeah,  that's fantastic. Well, I definitely appreciate  you sharing your thoughts on that and making the  time for us. And yes, thank you so much You’re welcome.