Hey guys, welcome back to our another video. How are you? Hopefully, you are doing great.
And guys, I am also doing great.
So, you guys were sending me a lot of comments and DMs on Instagram.
So, I have received an offer letter from Accenture but I didn't get the joining date.
Should I join Accenture or not?
So, I will tell you my experience. I worked in Accenture for one year.
Accenture was a good resource but I left it.
There are many reasons for that. Everyone has different reasons.
Some people don't like projects, some people don't like companies.
Some people don't get the money they deserve.
But, the money is more than enough.
No one's hunger is quenched.
No matter how much you earn, you will feel that it is very less.
Because your expenses increase according to that.
So, let's talk about the main point. Should I join Accenture or not?
I will tell you my experience. I joined Accenture last year and left it.
I worked for one year.
One year, one month.
So, I liked Accenture.
It was a good company.
I left it.
But, yes, I had a good experience.
I got the project.
So, in many companies, they hire you.
You don't get the project.
So, I kept it on the bench for 2-3 months.
But, I got the Accenture project in 2-3 days.
I got the project call.
Now, when you change the company for the first time,
do you have any problem or not?
You will have some problem because you are changing the company for the first time.
You go to another company.
Now, why do you have a problem?
Because your comfort zone becomes the first company.
When you go to another company, the comfort zone doesn't become so fast.
You will take some time.
You will meet your teammates.
You will talk to them.
So, you will know that it is of your type.
If it is not of your type, you will have problems in the project.
The other problem is your responsibility.
When you change the company, you get good pay.
And, the managers know that you are getting good pay.
They know that you are getting good pay.
You should work on it.
They hire you because you are doing a good job.
The responsibilities are more than you.
You should do a good job.
Like, you are working with your teammates.
If they have any issue, you should help them.
Solve their issues.
You have to do all these things.
You all know that Accenture pays well.
You will ask where Accenture pays.
I am talking about Amazon and Flipkart.
I am not talking about those companies.
I am talking about service-based companies.
If you compare Accenture, TCS, Bipro, Congregant and Capgemini,
you will get good pay from Accenture.
And, the increment is also good.
As compared to Infosys.
You will ask why did you take the name of Infosys?
I have worked in Infosys for 3 years and 2 months.
I know how much pay I get and how much I don't get.
If it comes to pay, my video went viral.
If you want to talk about viral videos, you haven't seen it.
Then watch the Infosys video.
You will see the service-lip video.
You made my video go viral.
Jokes apart, let's talk about Accenture.
I want to tell you more about Accenture.
Accenture is good.
It pays well.
You will get the project turned.
It is not like you are getting to work on only one project.
If you feel that this project is not right for you,
you can change the project.
If you want to change the technology, you can change that too.
The best thing is that you get the variable pay.
Many people say that you get 8-9% pay.
That is also true.
What can I do? Should I quit my job?
That is true.
You get only this much.
But the thing is that if you are doing well in the project,
you will get a good variable pay.
It will depend on your manager.
If you are doing well, they will give you a good variable pay.
Your increment is quite good.
The best thing that I liked was that I didn't have certification before.
When I went to Accenture, I paid more attention to certification.
I paid because I got everything for free.
If you are giving the certification first, then give it in Accenture.
Your entire money will be given by the company.
You will get the coupon already.
Use that coupon.
If you have cleared the certification, you can give it again.
If you haven't cleared it, you won't be able to give it again.
I will tell you to be ready.
Remove the certification once.
You will get a second chance.
If you remove it again, you can do all the certifications together.
If you are on the notice period, you won't be able to give the certification.
You will get the bill.
So don't redeem this coupon code.
Talk to your manager.
If you are in Pune and you want to come to Mumbai, you can change the location.
If you are in Bangalore or Pune, you can change the location easily.
You will get the approval from your manager.
Many people ask me to teach Ninja Technique.
It's an IT company.
You have to pay for the Ninja Technique in Accenture.
You have to give the exam for Tech Leap.
If you clear the exam, your salary increases.
Along with the salary, your designation also increases.
If your salary is 28, if you clear the exam for Tech Leap, your salary will increase.
 Along with that, your designation will also increase.
If your designation is associate, you will become an analyst.
If your salary is 28, it will be approximately 40K.
Isn't it Ninja Technique to increase the salary in the IT company?
That's right.
The people who are asking what to do, should you join Accenture or not,
My suggestion is to join.
Accenture is a very good company.
I will say that Accenture is a good company.
But it's not like that.
I don't talk about the imposter.
But those who are stuck with the Opalator,
They will come after some time.
So they will come, no worry.
Accenture Opalator will release you.
But I will give you a suggestion in that too.
The Opalator of which comes first,
It means joining date.
So join there.
Don't wait for any company.
There is a little problem in the IT company.
That's all in today's video.
If you want to talk about other topics, comment.
You can follow me on Instagram.
Those who haven't subscribed, subscribe.
Because you give views, but you don't increase the subscriber count.
So increase it quickly because we have to complete 50K quickly.
Bye guys, let's meet in the next video with Let's Talk.
Till then, Bye.