Hello friends, welcome to our channel Tech Point and my name is Nitin Gupta and today
I am going to talk about Wipro company information and I will tell you what does Wipro do and
give you some important facts about Wipro.
In addition with this I will tell how can you get job in Wipro company and guys if
you are going to give your HR interview at Wipro limited then this video is very helpful
for you because I have discussed many HR interview questions in this video which help you out
to clear your interview at Wipro limited.
So guys this video is very helpful for you so please watch this complete video to clear
all doubts.
So guys let's start the video.
So guys as you know Wipro limited is an industry leading information technology consulting
and business process services company.
Wipro utilizes the power of analytics, robotics cloud and other emerging cognitive technologies
including industry 4.0 to help clients spread across six different continents to adapt the
new and current digital trends and help them to thrive success.
So guys let's talk about Wipro history.
So guys Wipro limited also known as Western India Products Limited is an Indian information
technology company established by Mohammed Haseem Premji as Western India Vegetables
Products Limited in 1945 which was later abbreviated to Wipro.
After Mohammed Haseem Premji's death in 1966, his son Azeem Premji took in charge
of the company at a young age of 21.
The year 1980 marked the arrival of Wipro in the information technology domain.
The tagline of the company is applying thought.
So guys let's talk about some important facts about Wipro.
So guys Wipro is a multinational company.
The services offered by Wipro are IT, business consulting and outsourcing services.
The revenue of the company is around 8.09 billion US dollars as per 2020.
The CEO of the company is Thierry de la Porte.
The number of employees working in Wipro are 1,75,000 as per 2020.
The headquarter of the Wipro situated in Bangalore, India.
So guys let's talk about what are the products and services offered by Wipro Limited.
So guys the products are Personal Care, Health Care, Lighting, Furniture and Smart IoT based
products under Wipro Consumer Care and Lighting.
The services offered by Wipro are Digital Strategy, IT Services, Consulting and Outsourcing
Services, Managed Services and Digital Transformation Services under Wipro Limited.
That is Software Entity of Wipro Enterprises.
So guys let's talk about some important HR interview questions which are based on company
information and can be asked in Wipro interview.
So guys the questions are Who is the founder of the company?
When was Wipro founded?
Who is the current CEO of the Wipro?
What is the revenue and employee count?
What are the products and services offered by Wipro?
Where is the headquarter of Wipro situated?
So guys this is all about today's video and I have already made similar videos on TCS,
Wipro, Cognizant and Capgemini.
And guys I have also made recruitment process and selection process videos on these companies
like TCS, Wipro, Cognizant and many more.
So guys you can watch those videos by visiting my channel or the link given in description
box.
You guys can watch those videos by clicking on I button.
So guys if you like this video then press the like button and subscribe my channel.
So guys if you have any doubt related to this video so you can ask over comment section
or you can follow me on Instagram and other social media platforms.
All social media profile links are given in description box.
You can follow me on Instagram and ask your doubt in Instagram.
I will help you and provide best solution regarding any placement preparation, regarding
any placement guidance.
So you can follow me in Instagram and ask your doubts over Instagram.
So guys if you like this video then press the like button and hit the subscribe button.
So guys thanks for watching don't forget to subscribe.