Hello friends, welcome back to our YouTube channel CSE script. In today's video we are going to see all about Ascensure.
We will learn about Ascensure, we will learn about the details of Ascensure. So here we will first go to the introduction and who is the founder, when was it founded, in which year, and where is the headquarters and who is the CEO, who is the chief executive officer and what service is provided and what service is provided by Ascensure.
And last one is what is the Ascensure focus point and what is the focus point of
So we will see all these things one by one. So now let's see the introduction of Ascensure.
This is our agenda here.
So first of all, let's see the introduction of Ascensure.
So if you have not subscribed to our channel yet, please subscribe and press the bell icon so that you will get notifications of new videos and you will not miss a
Now let's see the introduction.
Ascensure is the iris-based multinational company. Ascensure is an iris-based multinational company.
Company that provides consulting and professional service. Company that provides consulting and professional service.
And it comes from Fortune Global 500 companies in the world. Ascensure is within Fortune Global 500 companies.
And Ascensure generated revenue is 20-20. It is 44.33 billion.
In 2020, its revenue generated is 44.33 billion. Now let's see the founder and founded of Ascensure.
The founder is Clarence Delany.
Clarence Delany.
And where was founded?
It was founded at Hamilton Bermuda.
And when was it founded?
It was founded in 1989. Now let's see the next one.
Here is the coo and Headquarters.
So the coo of Ascensure is Chief Executive Officer of Ascensure, David P. Rowland.
He is here since 10th January 2019.
So he is new here.
Earlier, the Coo was Julie Sweet.
nd here since January 2019, David P. Rowland is here. nd the Headquarters of Ascensure is in Dublin, Ireland.
reland is its Headquarters
Executive officer of Ascensure, David P. Rowland. He is here since 10th January 2019.
So he is new here.
Earlier, the coo was Julie Sweet.
And here since January 2019, David P. Rowland is here. And the Headquarters of Ascensure is in Dublin, Ireland.
Ireland is its Headquarters.
Now let's see the next one.Ascensure services.
What services does Ascensure provide?
Ascensure provides two types of services.
Business strategy and second, consulting service.
First, we will see business strategy.
So in business strategy, we have first of all.
First of all, we have business strategy.
And second, we have technology strategy.
And third, we have operation strategy.
So it provides three types of services.
This is in our strategy service.
And now let's see consulting service.
In consulting service, it provides three types of services.
First is technology consulting.
And second is business consulting.
And last one is third, management consulting. It provides three types of consulting services.
Ascensure. And now let's see the main focus point of Ascensure.
Ascensure is focused on software and implementation and delivery and research development.
So the focus point of Ascensure is on software, implementation and delivery.
On deployment and research and development. So in this field, Ascensure is the focus point.
If you like this video, please subscribe to the channel and press the bell icon.
So that you will get notifications of new videos. And share this video with your friends.
And see you in the next video.
Thanks for watching.