Apple is one of the big tech companies
It is a multinational technology company that designs, develops and sells consumer electronics, computer software and online services. The products and services of this American company are so exclusive that everyone is trying to reach there.
Whether it is Apple's iPhone, iPad, Mac, iPod, Apple Watch or even Apple TV, the status of this tech joint is very high.
Apple's headquarters are in California and its four sales offices are in Mumbai, Bengaluru, Hyderabad and Gurugram. The founder of this company is Steve Jobs, who started Apple Company with Stephen Wojniak.
You can also guess how big and advanced technology Apple is. It is not easy to get a job in a tech firm like Apple, but if you work on your skills, you can definitely get a job. And today in this video of Quick Support, we are going to tell you what skills and degrees you should have while applying for a job in Apple
And what kind of preparation you can prepare for a job in Apple.
So watch this video till the end.
So let's start and understand the process of getting a job in Apple Company. Apart from professionals, school and college students can also apply for entry-level jobs and temporary positions in Apple.
To search for a job in Apple Company, you can visit its website and send your application for that job position.
For this, you need to have an Apple ID.
Before applying, you need to know a lot about Apple jobs. For example, to work in Apple, your age should be at least 18 years.
Even if you do not have experience, you should have an education and technology background according to your job position. The chances of job opportunities for candidates with bilingual skills are quite high.
If you like to introduce new products, then apply for a sales position.
If you have problem-solving skills, then apply for a technical support position. And if you find managing a store interesting, then the leadership position will be perfect for you.
In the situation of being an experienced computer scientist, you will be suitable for a software development position.
If you want to be part of the Apple user experience, then apply for a design team. After general information on your field and desired job position, let's talk about the required degree for the particular job field of Apple.
Apple's finance jobs For example, to apply for financial analyst and finance manager, you should have a degree in finance or financial economics. And if you have done MBA in finance, then you will definitely get the benefit of it.
Apple's education jobs For example, to apply for instructional project manager and learning and development program manager, you should have a degree in education or instru You will get preference if this happens.
Apple's software jobs
For example, software engineer, 105 application developer, game development solutions engineer, For front-end engineer, you should have a degree in computer science.
And you should also have a strong knowledge of C++, JavaScript, Python and SQL programming skills.
For information security jobs, you should have a degree in computer science or cyber security. Along with that, you need to have a deep knowledge of authentication protocols, cryptography and security architecture and compliance.

For machine learning and artificial intelligence jobs, you should have a master's or doctoral degree in computer science, computer engineering, physics, statistics. And you need to have a deep understanding of machine learning algorithms and technologies. In addition, C, C++ and languages like Python also have solid programming skills.

for data and analytics jobs, you should have a degree in applied math, business analytics, business intelligence, computer science, operation research andstatistics.
And you should also have skills related to this position.
For business and marketing jobs, you should have a degree in MBA.
You know which level of job can be applied in Apple.
Internship
To get a job in Apple, you need to do an internship..
And young professionals and students can easily get the position of an Apple intern.
Work from home jobs
But for this, you should have extraordinary skills that separate you from the crowd.
In Apple company, you also get the option of home-based jobs.
That means you can work from home for Apple company.
These jobs are on part-time and full-time positions. In this job, you will become a member of Apple Care, Apple's customer service
team. And your job will be to advise customers on Apple software, hardware, services and accessories on the phone or chat window.
Store jobs
You can apply for store jobs in Apple, which have three main categories.
Sales, customer support and leadership opportunities.
Apple store job workers are also specialists.
And if you perform excellently in this posion, you can also get a chance to go to other
Now, what is the process of applying in Apple? Apple company likes passionate and happy employees.
Also, such candidates who are not fake.
For this job, you have to prepare your resume.
In which your professional skills and achievements can also show your personality. You also need to have deep knowledge of Apple products.
And you should also know how to work for Apple.
Also, it should also be mentioned in this resume that how much you believe in the ability of Apple company.
The best way to get a job in Apple is through reference. That means if a known person does a job in Apple, then it can be easy to get a job with his reference.
But if you don't have a reference, then you can apply online or post your resume on LinkedIn. After applying, if you get selected for the next step, you should know that Apple interview can be done in 4 stages
And the hiring process can take 2 weeks to 4 months.
Phone interview is done with the first stage recruits of the interview. In this 30 minute round, you have a chance to make a great first impression.
That is why you should explain every detail mentioned in your experiences, knowledge and resume in a short but effective manner. You should also have an answer to these questions that why you want to work in Apple.
And why do you think you are the best option for this position?
If you are a suitable candidate for the recruiter, then you have to be prepared to face the video interview. Its main purpose is to find out your technical abilities and problem-solving skills.
After clearing this round, the next stage is a meeting with the team leader, who tests your hard and soft skills. And he also finds out if you are a team player, if you are easy going, if you are a real professional.
And this is also one of the priorities of Apple.
How do you meet people?
Because Apple needs such employees who can easily handle the problems of the customers and give them appropriate advice. And the last stage is a panel interview, where you get a job after getting selected.
So friends, after watching this video, you must have understood that which criteria do big tech companies like Apple choose as their employees.
In which degree and skills are both important. So friends, Quick Support hopes that you liked this video and it will also be helpful for you.
For more such interesting and innovative videos, subscribe to our channel Quick Support and press the bell icon. So that you can be the first to receive notifications of every new video. Thank you.

