Welcome everyone. In this video we are going to see about Cognizant Technology solutions,its advantages and disadvantages. At the end you can find whether it is suitable for you or not.
Let's see the advantages. Cognizant is an American multinational corporation that
provides IT services including digital, technology, consulting, operations services. It is headquartered
in New Jersey, United States. It is one of the Fortune 500 company. By a Cognizant employee,
you will get good status in your surroundings when you mention your company. Here you will
get an exposure on large projects. Based on the skills and luck, even a fresher can get
into a good project in this line. There is more opportunity to work for globally spread
clients because most of the projects are based on foreign countries. In Cognizant, on-site
opportunity is very good. Cognizant is one of the topmost company which sends its employees
to on-site. Work pressure is also very less in Cognizant. Cognizant usually gives good
salary to its employees. In 2020, for freshers, they give minimum of 4 lakhs per annum and
the increment is usually a double digit increment. Cognizant usually pay bonuses yearly based
on different rating systems. But on the market of MNCs, the bonus system of Cognizant is
best. By working in Cognizant, you can also achieve good career growth. In Cognizant,
the notice period is just 60 days, that is 2 months. Let's see what are the things wrong
in Cognizant, that is disadvantages in joining Cognizant Technology Solutions. There is no
job security for experienced candidates. They are usually reducing the experienced candidates
because of cost cutting measures. Most of the projects in Cognizant are support projects.
Sometimes they put freshers in this type of support projects. There is less flexibility
in changing projects. In Cognizant, you will get less hikes. At initial, you will get average
salary but later the increment is less. Now we are at the conclusion. Based on the advantages
and disadvantages, for freshers who want to join in service-based companies, Cognizant
is advisable. Because compared to the service-based companies, Cognizant is one of the best. For
experienced candidates also, it is good choice. But there are lot of companies out there from
which we can get job security. Thanks to all. See you in the next video.