Hello everyone, welcome to Karyaswamy.
Today, we are here to do an in-depth review of Accenture.
Intended audience are the people associated with or may associate with Accenture in future
or those who are interested to learn about the company.
We will talk about Accenture and its name significance, history, market capitalization,
employee diversification, services and operations and kind of projects in Accenture.
This is the first video in Accenture series.
Next videos will be on ratings and reviews, advice on whether freshers and experienced people
should join Accenture and a comparison video.
Please watch the video till end to gain complete insights.
Also, I have a small request.
Before you quit the video, please like the video if you liked, hit dislike if you didn't like it.
We make educational videos about companies, technology trends and career options to help you
propel your career.
If you are coming to our channel for the first time, please subscribe to our channel and hit the like button.
Let's begin.
What is Accenture?
Accenture is a global management consulting and professional services firm that provides
strategy consulting, digital technology and operations services.
Its Fortune Global 500 company with revenues in 2000 hitting 41 billion USD.
Accenture has very prestigious clients.
95% of Fortune Global 100 companies are Accenture clients.
Also, 400 of Fortune Global 500 companies work with Accenture.
So what does Accenture name mean?
Many people work in the companies from long without knowing the meaning of the name.
So how did Accenture got its name?
What does it mean?
Any guesses?
Let's find out.
The word Accenture is derived from accent on the future.
The name Accenture was submitted by Kim Peterson, a Danish employee from the company's Norway office
as a result of internal competition.
Accenture has a history of around 70 years.
We will talk about the major events.
Accenture began as a business and technology consulting division of accounting firm Arthur Anderson in early 1951
when it inducted a feasibility study of General Electric to install the first commercial computer at Appliance Park in Love Valley, Kentucky.
In 1955, Accenture expanded outside US for the first time and set up office in Mexico
followed by expansion to European cities like London, Paris, Milan, Brussels in 1957.
In 1958, Accenture designs and installs a system for Bank of America that becomes the backbone of the Bank America card, later renamed as Visa.
In 1967, Administrative Services develops Base 5, the widely used operating system for System 360 IBM computers.
In 1980, with the rapid expansion of the consulting practice, Administrative Services is renamed to Management Information Consulting Division.
Headcount touched 5000 and revenues touched US dollars 250 million.
In 1988, Anderson Consulting name was adopted.
In 2001, Arthur Anderson and Anderson Consulting broke all contractual ties and Anderson Consulting adopted the name Accenture.
New strategic imperatives are announced, bold growth, great place to work and operational effectiveness.
In July, Accenture was listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the name ACN and immediately ranks among the 200 largest companies on the exchange.
In 2002, Accenture is included in the Fortune Global 500 for the first time.
In 2012, Accenture is added to the prestigious S&P 100 index.
In 2014, three Accenture divisions, that is Accenture Operations, Accenture Digital and Accenture Strategy were launched.
We will talk about them in the upcoming sections.
In 2015, Accenture Consulting was launched, combining industry expertise with an expanded range of management and technology consulting practices.
Also, Accenture dropped the annual performance reviews, adopts performance achievement approach.
Accenture has a strength of around 460,000 employees worldwide, out of which there are 7000 leaders with managing director positions.
Accenture employees have 50 plus nationalities.
Major Accenture locations are India with 150,000 people followed by US and Philippines with 50,000 employees both.
Accenture has around 40% women employees, which means 1 in every 2.5 employees is a woman in Accenture.
Accenture also has a goal of achieving a gender-balanced workforce with 50% women and 50% men by 2025.
Talking about market capitalization, Accenture has provided growth and multiplied shareholders' money consistently.
It has a market cap of 97 billion USD and is in neck-to-neck competition with TCS market capitalization.
Accenture is spread in 50 plus countries and in 200 cities.
It is headquartered in Ireland's capital, Dublin.
7 Accenture labs, which focus on innovation, are located in US, India, Israel, China, Ireland and France.
Current key people in Accenture are Pierre Nantame and Joe Deblare.
Pierre is the chairman and CEO of Accenture.
He is responsible for managing the company, formulating and executing long-term strategies, and interacting with clients, employees, investors and other shareholders.
He is Accenture's primary decision and policymaker.
Setting the tone for the company's values, ethics and culture, he has served on board of directors since 2010 and leads Accenture's global management committee.
Joe is Accenture's chief operating officer responsible for leading the company's business operations globally, executing Accenture's business strategy and assuring operations excellence worldwide.
Joe is also group chief executive of Europe with overall leadership responsibility of more than 20 countries.
Talking about the services and operations which are there in Accenture.
Accenture strategy provides business strategy, technology strategy and operations strategy services.
Accenture consulting provides technology business and management consulting.
Accenture digital provides digital marketing, analytics and mobility services.
Accenture technology focuses on technology solutions, implementation, delivery and research and development, including its technology labs for emerging technologies.
Accenture operations focuses on and is a service model of service delivery.
This includes business process outsourcing, IT services, cloud services, managed operations, services and infrastructure services.
Core development projects are the projects where you will develop product from scratch.
The learning curve is highest with respect to other kinds of projects where implementation is done from inception.
Enhancement projects are the ones where system is already in place and you would enhance it by adding new features as per requirement.
Monitoring and support projects are in abundance in Accenture.
Most of the workforce are involved in these projects only and your work is to support an existing system in place.
Projects related to testing are the ones where development support and other activities are done by other companies and Accenture does only testing.
So upcoming videos will be on ratings and reviews, should fresher and experienced people join Accenture and comparison between Accenture, Infosys, TCS and Wipro.
Please subscribe to our channel so that you don't miss out any of these videos and let us know your views in the comment section.
So once the videos will be available, we will place cards on this screen so that you can click on those cards and watch the videos.
The same videos link will be available in the description as well.
Thanks a lot.