Hi guys, today we are going to talk about Essentia.
When you join the company as a fresher, what will be your salary, what will be your joining process, 
what will be your role, we will cover everything in detail in this video.
Let's start the video.
So the first thing is, when you join a company, what role will you be offered?
So in Essentia, what they generally offer the fresher is application development associate.
Now the role has been offered to us, now we have started working.
Now let's see how much salary you will get.
So you get a salary of 4.5 lakhs per annum, which is nearly 28-30 thousand per month.
Now the important thing is what is the joining process.
Here I will tell you what you will be doing before joining.
Is it similar to what happens in other companies?
You will be getting your letter of intent, document verification is happening as similar.
Here one more thing is learning modules.
Before joining, you would get learning modules and they take it pretty seriously.
Like on the basis of learning modules, some tests are also going on, which I will explain to you later.
Now one more thing is that you get your learning modules 2-3 months before joining.
And here it happens many times that you basically take time to join.
Like you are selected in September or October, but your joining may be happening in May-June.
So there is a chance that your joining may be delayed.
This was our before joining process.
So now let's see what process is followed after joining.
So the learning modules that we were preparing, now on the basis of this learning module,
our fundamental assessment will be being tested.
This test is based on Java and SQL.
There will be a paper of 100 marks, 50 MCQs, no negative marking and 2 coding questions.
Now if we clear this paper with a minimum of 60% and the learning modules that we got,
if we complete them with 98%, then the company offers us 10,000 rupees as an incentive learning.
Kind of you can consider it as a bonus.
If you are not able to clear the exam with 60% criteria, then you will get 2 more attempts.
And you have to make sure that you clear any of the 2 attempts with a minimum of 65% marks.
So that's what is happening in your joining process.
Now after this joining exam, you get stream training.
Now let's discuss what happens here.
So now we have cleared our fundamental assessment.
Now the next thing is our stream training.
What is stream training?
You have 10-12 different streams.
You have to choose 5 streams according to your priority.
How are these streams?
Like your Java can be an extreme, SQL, .NET, etc.
You have different streams.
Depending upon what projects the company has and what requirements are,
you will be allotted one of these streams.
Once you have an extreme allotted, then you will have a proper training of 6 months.
And on the basis of that stream, you will also have some exams.
Now this exam, I will tell you that you will get 3 maximum chances to clear the exams.
And the exams will be pretty similar to the fundamental assessment criteria.
Similarly, your stream training exams are also being done.
Once you have completed your initial training program, you get a 25000 bonus.
Also, the company allots the project to a specific location.
So after completing your stream training, you will basically be joining a particular project.
Now let's talk about how you will get the projects.
So in essential, the projects that you get are completely dependent on your business requirements.
It is possible that you have done your stream training in Java, but when you get the project, it is a .NET.
This is also a possibility.
Once the project is allotted, it is a bit difficult to change the project or technology.
To be honest, it is not that you will switch from this project to that project.
Now one more thing, your projects that are allotted are not necessarily allotted after the stream training.
 Sometimes your project gets allotted even before the stream training is complete.
Like you are training and the project gets allotted in the middle.
So this is about the project.
Working hours are the same as other companies, minimum 9 hours.
And also it depends a little on what your project is and how the team is.
According to the team, the working period is a bit flexible.
One good thing is that there is no bond amount here.
If you are leaving the company a year before, then you have to give a one-month notice period.
If you are leaving after a year, then this notice period is two months.
So this was it in this video.
If I have missed any information or there is no information, you want to tell me,
then tell me in the comment section so that our other friends can also benefit from this.
I have made such videos on some other companies.
Go and check them out.
And if you want me to make it in another company, then tell me in the comment section.
See you in the next video with some new content.
Till then bye bye.